# SNHU_CS210_Project
Module 8 Journal

 This project was designed to help the customer identify which products are most contributing to their sales in a specific section. It implements key programming concepts such as functions, vectors, file input/output, and reference variables  to provide a functional and efficient solution. I did particularly well in the neatness of the code and making sure that it was divided into different functions even though it could have been done more. It shows that I am capable of writing code that is easy to maintain and can easily be read to understand its purpse. However, there are areas where my code could be improved. For example, I could have increased the efficiency by optimizing certain functions or improving the memory management. The biggest challenge I faced was in the use of more sophisticated features of C++ such as reference variables. In order to  solve this problem, I used learncpp.com for explanation and devdocs.io for a more complete  description of the classes that can be used. This project helped me enhance my problem solving skills and code  organization that will be useful in future courses and professional works. Furthermore, I made the program easy to  maintain by using appropriate variable names, functions, and comments so that if I or anyone else has to  work on the code in the future, it will be easy to do so. The skills I gained  in this project especially the core basics and foundations of C++ will be useful as I develop software applications  in the future.
